QRadar Bug Due To Failed Casting To Number (#15192)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_0_28.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Fixed an issue where **long-running** instance stopped fetching incidents after upgrade to version 2_0_27.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a **long-running** instance would stop fetching incidents after upgrading to pack version 2.0.27.
```
